This file lists issues and tasks related to failover drafts:

Please add new number to new issues. Please move closed issues
to the list below. If this list grows significantly, we should
move to some issue tracker. IETF's DHC tracker is a reasonable
option.

 REQUIREMENTS
--------------

 DESIGN
--------
9. Describe DNS Update challenges in failover environment.
    Kim: I have only ported the v4 information into the document,
    no editing (other than for xml2rfc) has been done, and 
    in fact this is *certainly* incorrect at this time!

11. Write security considerations.

12. Write section "Determining Allocation Approach".

 PROTOCOL SPEC
---------------
- Write that thing!

 DONE
------
1. Need to rework v4-specific vocabulary to v6, in section 6.2
"Independent allocation"
5. Write conflict resolution section.
6. Describe Failover FSM initialization  
7. Since we do not support load balancing (and active-
   active) in general, CONFLICT-DONE can be removed and
   we can transition to NORMAL immediately)
  Discussed, decided not to make these changes. 8/30/12
8. Let's try to simplify the FSM a bit. We can get rid of
   PAUSE state. SHUTDOWN state can be used instead, even
   if the unavailability is only brief.

10/16/12

2. Reuse rest of description from failover-12, section 5.4.
3. Describe pool allocation based on percentage [Kim: is this different from #1? 
   Yes: see issue in-line in document].
4. Describe controlled re-allocation, i.e. that healthy partner in
   partner-down state can start using resources that belonged to the
   downed partner. I think it was release/expiration time + MCLT.
   It is described in v4-failover-12 in section 5.2.2
   [Kim: what is this?]. [tomek: expanded this description a
   bit. Also, the issues/todo items are marked in the XML.
   If in doubt, it may be useful to look up there.]
10. Describe lease reservation.
Q: Do we want to cover address/prefix reservation in the base
   draft or do we define an extension for it?

   Kim: I think we probably want to cover reservations in the base
   draft, but I'm out of time right now to try to write the words
   that describe this.


